​​​ ​How was your summer this year, Haato?​ ​​
​​​ ​I had a really fulfilling summer!​ ​​
​​​ ​Did you go out to a few places?​ ​​
​​​ ​I ate shaved ice, ice cream...​ ​​
​​​ ​Did you have some ice?​ ​​
​​​ ​I did have some ice cream!​ ​​
​​​ ​Nice! Ice cream is delicious, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm actually eating ice cream every day.​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, that's nice.​ ​​
​​​ ​Chocomint?​ ​​
​​​ ​I've never had chocomint.​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm so sleepy!​ ​​
​​​ ​Coming to school during​ ​​
​​ ​summer break is the worst!​ ​​
​​​ ​Studying during summer break? Blegh!​ ​​
​​​ ​Are you good at studying?​ ​​
​​​ ​Wait, if you could,​ ​​
​​ ​you wouldn't be here!​ ​​
​​​ ​You can't, so that's why you're stuck here!​ ​​
​​​ ​I can! I totally can!​ ​​
​​​ ​I am... I am here on purpose!​ ​​
​​​ ​On purpose?! Why?​ ​​
​​​ ​What purpose would that have?​ ​​
​​​ ​Huh, what's up?​ ​​
​​​ ​Wait, is that—​ ​​
​​ ​You got a failing grade too?!​ ​​
​​​ ​One of us!​ ​​
​​​ ​You're one of us!​ ​​
​​​ ​I was studying for the make-up​ ​​
​​ ​test with Matsuri just now.​ ​​
​​​ ​Why don't you study together with us?​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright then, sit down over here!​ ​​
​​​ ​Come here!​ ​​
​​​ ​Bring over the table!​ ​​
​​​ ​Ta-da! Question!​ ​​
​​​ ​What does "H" stand for?​ ​​
​​​ ​"H"?!​ ​​
​​​ ​Like, what element?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hydrogen!​ ​​
​​​ ​Are you a genius?!​ ​​
​​​ ​I am!​ ​​
​​​ ​You really are!​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright then... When was the​ ​​
​​ ​Kamakura Shogunate established?​ ​​
​​​ ​The saying goes, “One-one-nine-two,​ ​​
​​ ​shoguns come into view,"​ ​​
​​​ ​so it's in 1192!​ ​​
​​​ ​Wow! That's perfect!​ ​​
​​​ ​Wait, do we even need to study?​ ​​
​​​ ​Aren't we good?​ ​​
​​​ ​We're good, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Speaking of which, I recently started​ ​​
​​ ​getting hooked on boba again.​ ​​
​​​ ​Wait, really? So it's​ ​​
​​ ​really making a comeback!​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah, it's getting popular again!​ ​​
​​​ ​Nice... I want some too, now.​ ​​
​​​ ​I really like the oolong milk tea flavor.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sounds nice!​ ​​
​​​ ​It's super good!​ ​​
​​ ​I drink it almost every day.​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright, here's one for you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Question:​ ​​
​​​ ​Who does Haato-chan like?​ ​​
​​​ ​Why would you ask that?!​ ​​
​​​ ​I was just wondering if they knew, is all...​ ​​
​​​ ​I don't like anybody!​ ​​
​​ ​Don't ask questions with no answer!​ ​​
​​​ ​Hmm, that's not what I heard, though.​ ​​
​​​ ​What about you,​ ​​
​​ ​who do you like, Matsuri?!​ ​​
​​​ ​Erm... I... uhm...​ ​​
​​​ ​Why are you hiding it?​ ​​
​​​ ​And what about you?​ ​​
​​ ​Do you know who you like?​ ​​
​​​ ​Are you deaf? I already said​ ​​
​​ ​I don't feel that way... towards anybody.​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll tell you later.​ ​​
​​ ​When she's not around.​ ​​
​​​ ​I just realized something!​ ​​
​​​ ​Didn't we just chat all day and​ ​​
​​ ​not study at all? It's over for us now.​ ​​
​​​ ​Huh?​ ​​
​​​ ​I was having a hard time​ ​​
​​ ​understanding it, so... y'know...​ ​​
​​​ ​I tried to focus, I swear!​ ​​
​​​ ​This is too hard for me...​ ​​
​​​ ​And it's almost time​ ​​
​​ ​for the make-up test...​ ​​
​​​ ​We ought to give up on the make-up test​ ​​
​​ ​and try to pass the make-up make-up test.​ ​​
​​​ ​Wait, are we already doomed​ ​​
​​ ​to fail the make-up test?​ ​​
​​​ ​No way!​ ​​
​​​ ​Let's take the make-up test and​ ​​
​​ ​go study again afterward, then!​ ​​
​​​ ​Really?​ ​​
​​​ ​Can we?​ ​​
​​​ ​We're in this together.​ ​​
​​ ​Quite literally.​ ​​
​​​ ​Thank you so much!​ ​​
​​​ ​You're really nice, aren't you!​ ​​
​​​ ​I've got a new perspective​ ​​
​​ ​on you! Thank you!​ ​​
​​​ ​Don't worry about it.​ ​​
​​ ​Where should we gather?​ ​​
​​​ ​Is there a good place?​ ​​
​​​ ​Restaurants are too noisy to focus on...​ ​​
​​​ ​My place isn't going to work either...​ ​​
​​​ ​I don't think my place​ ​​
​​ ​would work out, either.​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh!​ ​​
​​​ ​Did you think of something?​ ​​
​​​ ​How about your house?​ ​​
​​​ ​Wow, that's a great idea!​ ​​
​​​ ​Great, isn't it?​ ​​
​​​ ​What? My place...?!​ ​​
​​​ ​Come on, please!​ ​​
​​ ​Let us come over to your house!​ ​​
​​​ ​I really wanna come over to your house...​ ​​
​​​ ​In exchange,​ ​​
​​ ​I'll do anything you ask of me.​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah...​ ​​
​​​ ​I also really want to go!​ ​​
​​​ ​Come on! Come on! Come on!​ ​​
​​​ ​You wouldn't say no, right?​ ​​
​​ ​You're all we have!​ ​​
​​​ ​Please!​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll obey any request of yours, too,​ ​​
​​ ​but just once!​ ​​
​​​ ​So, please!​ ​​
​​​ ​...Alright then, I guess I have no choice.​ ​​
​​​ ​Yay, thanks!​ ​​
​​​ ​Thank you!​ ​​
​​​ ​You're the best!​ ​​
​​​ ​I knew you'd not let us down!​ ​​
​​​ ​Let's go grab some snacks, then!​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, that's a good idea!​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah, what do you want?​ ​​
​​​ ​Cr*cker J*ck?​ ​​
​​​ ​That's so retro!​ ​​
​​​ ​Let's go!​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh wait, the test. We gotta​ ​​
​​ ​take the make-up test first.​ ​​
​​​ ​First things first.​ ​​
​​​ ​You're all we have!​ ​​
​​​ ​Heart Skip Summer!​ ​​
​​​ ​That was the first movie,​ ​​
​​ ​"Pro Teasers, Natsuiro, & Haato!"​ ​​
​​​ ​I guess that did make your​ ​​
​​ ​hearts skip a beat right there, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Haato-chan, how did​ ​​
​​ ​you feel recording this?​ ​​
​​​ ​That was just me being me.​ ​​
​​​ ​The mood was also so light,​ ​​
​​​ ​I ended up laughing a lot.​ ​​
​​ ​Rather than being romantic,​ ​​
​​​ ​it was more of a comedy.​ ​​
​​​ ​It was really fun.​ ​​
​​​ ​It was really fun, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​How was it for you?​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah, it's really a little thing​ ​​
​​ ​born out of ordinary life,​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, right!​ ​​
​​​ ​that gives you the most​ ​​
​​ ​heart-pumping scenes, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​I also think it was really really good.​ ​​
​​​ ​Right, that was really nice.​ ​​
​​​ ​Your heart-eyes were also really cute.​ ​​
​​​ ​Your expression was also really cute.​ ​​
​​​ ​This feeling of being slightly teased​ ​​
​​​ ​is something that might​ ​​
​​ ​excite some people, too.​ ​​
​​​ ​It was great, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​With that being said, next up,​ ​​
​​​ ​let's move on to the second movie!​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah, for me, this one is the one.​ ​​
​​​ ​This one's the real hitter?​ ​​
​​​ ​This one will make hearts stop!​ ​​
​​​ ​What's it called?​ ​​
​​​ ​Without further ado!​ ​​
​​​ ​Here's "The Two Treasures"!​ ​​
​​​ ​What?! "The Two Treasures"?!​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm sure you're dying to know​ ​​
​​ ​what these "two treasures" are!​ ​​
​​​ ​I sure am!​ ​​
​​​ ​Let's jump right into it, then!​ ​​
​​​ ​Produced by Natsuiro Matsuri:​ ​​
​​ ​"The Two Treasures"​ ​​
​​​ ​Start!​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm so hungry!​ ​​
​​​ ​I love festivals!​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, look, there's a takoyaki stall.​ ​​
​​​ ​Wow, that smells really good!​ ​​
​​​ ​Should we get some later?​ ​​
​​​ ​What should we start with?​ ​​
​​​ ​Huh?​ ​​
​​​ ​You also came to the festival?​ ​​
​​​ ​Huh? Don't tell me...​ ​​
​​​ ​You came by yourself?​ ​​
​​​ ​That's so sad!​ ​​
​​​ ​What a loner!​ ​​
​​​ ​Sh-Shut it!​ ​​
​​​ ​It'd be a pity to leave you like that,​ ​​
​​ ​so how about we join you?​ ​​
​​​ ​You'll have a lady in each arm!​ ​​
​​ ​You better be grateful to us!​ ​​
​​​ ​Good idea, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Thanks, I guess?​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, I want to eat a candy apple!​ ​​
​​​ ​Good idea!​ ​​
​​​ ​I might go for some yakisoba.​ ​​
​​​ ​What about you?​ ​​
​​ ​What do you want to eat?​ ​​
​​​ ​Nothing in particular.​ ​​
​​​ ​Hmm, let's share, then!​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll go first. You guys wait here.​ ​​
​​​ ​Okay!​ ​​
​​​ ​Take care!​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll be right back!​ ​​
​​​ ​Looks like it's just the two of us now...​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah...​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey... Anything you'd like​ ​​
​​ ​to say about me in a yukata?​ ​​
​​​ ​Thinking that maybe I'd run on you​ ​​
​​ ​made me put in some extra effort!​ ​​
​​​ ​Wha...?! It's... You look really cute!​ ​​
​​​ ​Thank you!​ ​​
​​ ​I'm so happy to hear that!​ ​​
​​​ ​You know, there are​ ​​
​​ ​some fireworks after this.​ ​​
​​​ ​How about we steal away​ ​​
​​ ​and watch it together?​ ​​
​​​ ​I'd really like to watch them with you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Huh?!​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorry for the wait!​ ​​
​​​ ​Haato-chan, you can go get your food!​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, yeah, sure!​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll be on my way!​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah, take care!​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, what were you talking​ ​​
​​ ​about while I was away?​ ​​
​​​ ​We, uh... were just reminiscing about​ ​​
​​ ​the make-up test the other day.​ ​​
​​​ ​Hm. Really...? Sounds fishy...​ ​​
​​​ ​Well, whatever.​ ​​
​​​ ​By the way, are you going to stay​ ​​
​​ ​for the fireworks later?​ ​​
​​​ ​Hmm, I don't really know...​ ​​
​​​ ​Well then, how about the two of us​ ​​
​​ ​steal away and watch them together?​ ​​
​​​ ​What?!​ ​​
​​​ ​Don't you want to have me​ ​​
​​ ​in a yukata all for yourself?​ ​​
​​​ ​So... you'll come, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Please!​ ​​
​​​ ​Who will you choose?​ ​​
​​​ ​Heart Skip Summer​ ​​
​​​ ​Heart Skip Summer!​ ​​
​​​ ​That was "The Two Treasures"!​ ​​
​​​ ​How did you like it?​ ​​
​​ ​Compared to before,​ ​​
​​​ ​How was it?​ ​​
​​​ ​It really got your hearts racing, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​it was a bit more of​ ​​
​​ ​a close encounter this time, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Your candy apple was really cute!​ ​​
​​​ ​Thank you!​ ​​
​​​ ​Haato-chan, how was it?​ ​​
​​​ ​I kind of wanted to get up really close​ ​​
​​ ​and be even more aggressive.​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, really?​ ​​
​​​ ​Or, at least I thought so,​ ​​
​​​ ​but I did feel a bit embarrassed there.​ ​​
​​​ ​That only made it better!​ ​​
​​​ ​But it was really nice. Also,​ ​​
​​​ ​being at that festival​ ​​
​​ ​brought back a lot of memories.​ ​​
​​​ ​The warmth of summer really was there.​ ​​
​​​ ​You're right!​ ​​
​​​ ​A bunch of nostalgic and​ ​​
​​ ​fun memories came back to me.​ ​​
​​​ ​Few things are as youthful as going​ ​​
​​ ​around a festival with someone you like.​ ​​
​​​ ​I wonder which of us they chose?​ ​​
​​​ ​Who was it?!​ ​​
​​​ ​Who's your best girl? Who's your best girl?​ ​​
​​​ ​Could they be planning to say,​ ​​
​​ ​"You're both dear to me" and...?​ ​​
​​​ ​Choose both?​ ​​
​​​ ​You wouldn't cop out​ ​​
​​ ​and choose both, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​No way!​ ​​
​​​ ​First Half​ ​​
​​​ ​Second Half​ ​​
​​​ ​And say, "Let's meet at the start​ ​​
​​ ​and at the end of the fireworks"?​ ​​
​​​ ​Only trash would do that!​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright, that's it for this video!​ ​​
​​​ ​This was the hololive official channel's​ ​​
​​ ​special program,​ ​​
​​​ ​"Heart Skip Summer"!​ ​​
​​ ​Did you like it?​ ​​
​​​ ​Did we make the end​ ​​
​​ ​of your summer a good one?​ ​​
​​​ ​Did you feel warmer inside than outside?​ ​​
​​​ ​For those who haven't yet seen​ ​​
​​ ​the first and second days,​ ​​
​​​ ​there are some links in the description,​ ​​
​​ ​so just jump in there!​ ​​
​​​ ​But, for real,​ ​​
​​​ ​I could feel everyone's personality,​ ​​
​​ ​and it was really nice to see!​ ​​
​​​ ​It was really nice.​ ​​
​​​ ​It was the best!​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright then!​ ​​
​​​ ​If your heart skipped a beat,​ ​​
​​ ​leave a comment!​ ​​
​​​ ​Leave your thoughts below!​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright!​ ​​
​​​ ​It's time to say goodbye!​ ​​
​​​ ​If you liked this video, subscribe to the official​ ​​
​​ ​channel & to our talent's channels too!​ ​​
​​​ ​One, two...​ ​​
​​​ ​Bye-bye!​ ​​
​​​ ​​​ ​​